Create ui-c8y-1023-1-0-show-dashboards-as-tabs-in-device-details.md (#3923)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1023-1-0-show-dashboards-as-tabs-in-device-details.md

---
date: ""

> title: Show dashboards as tabs in device details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device dashboards now available in Device management
```

> title: Device dashboards now available in Device management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device dashboards now available in the Device Management application
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4943
version: 1023.1.0
---

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device dashboards as known from **Cockpit** are now available in **Device management** application. This allows users to create custom tabs for their devices on the device details page. Users can create template dashboards that automatically apply to devices of the same type, ensuring consistent views across their environment. Custom dashboards when created will replace the default **Info** tab.
```

> Device dashboards as known from **Cockpit** are now available in **Device management** application. This allows users to create custom tabs for their devices on the device details page. Users can create template dashboards that automatically apply to devices of the same type, ensuring consistent views across their environment. Custom dashboards when created will replace the default **Info** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Device dashboards, which were available in the Cockpit application before, are now also available in the Device Management application. This allows users to create custom tabs for their devices in the device details. Users can create template dashboards that automatically apply to devices of the same type, ensuring consistent views across their environment. When created, custom dashboards replace the default **Info** tab.
```
